So we learned about rest and spread.
There's one next generation feature I definitely want to cover and that's called destructuring.
Destructuring allows you to easily extract array elements or object properties and store them in variables.
When you first hear about that it might sound like the exact thing the spread operator does but actually
it's a different thing.
Spratt takes out all elements all properties and distributes them in a new array or object or wherever
you're using it.
Destructuring allows you to pull out single elements or properties and store them in variables for arrays
and objects.
Now for arrays it looks like this.
If we have an array with two elements.
Hello and max then we can use these strange looking syntax on the left side of the equals sign which
looks like we are treating and erate but we are not to assign the variables a and b to a hello and Max
respectively and for optic destructuring it's the same syntax with curly braces and where in aere destructuring
the order defines which property we take for Optik destructuring.
It's a property name so curly braes name Curly brace on the left side targets the name property of the
object on the right side and pulls out the value which is why logging age would yield undefined.
We're not pulling this out of the optic here.
So does this structuring.
Let's also have a look at decent practice back in Jay Espen Let's start with our numbers array again
which has the numbers 1 2 and 3.
And now let's say we want to get the numbers 1 and 2.
Then we can use this array syntax on the left side of the equal sign and choose any variable names of
our choice like number one and number two and we assign this equal to the number is aere.
If I now Konsole are number one and number two and I run this you see 1 and 2 being locked because I'm
pulling these two out of the array.
I'm not polling free if I want to get free.
By the way ultimately Now I'm free here.
You don't have to rename it though and you'll leave out the one space with an empty space here in your
declaration on the left side.
Now if you had run you get one and free.
That's aere destructuring.
Now object destructuring is also ordered by our project as we'll use it in this course.
However it's not supported by Jay Espen here.
So I can show it to you.
But it did showed his syntax on the slide.
It's just syntax where you use to call the braces on the left and target a property with its property
name.
In this course I won't use Steese destructuring syntax too often but I want you to be aware of the existence
of them and that they are nice ways of conveniently pulling out certain elements from an array or properties
with their values from an object.